Now let's quickly organize our folders so they're in the right order.
So we turn that guy on and then we want our Center tower to be in the front.
So we're going to grab his folder and bring him to the top.
Then we want our house to be next.
So we'll grab his folder and we'll bring him to the top.
Then we want our next tower to be this tower.
And he's already there and this guy is in the right position too.
So now we can go ahead and create a new folder and we want it to be underneath the ark for actually
we can just create it in the same, no.
Let's create a new folder and we'll call it art 5.
Then we're going to open arc four and we're going to merge all of the layers then we're going to copy
it
then we'll come back into our five and paste
then we want to flip the sky.
The flip horizontal tool.
And we're also going to resize them just a bit.
Now we're going to create our skyline and the way we'll do that is we'll select our layer then we're
going to create a new folder and we want him to be on the very bottom of our folders stack and we're
going to call a skyline
and then we're going to create a new layer in that folder.
Then we're going to fill him with this color and we're going to bring it down just a little bit.
So it's a bit darker and we'll fill him in.
Then we'll drag him out from behind there and then we are going to come into our arc one folder and
find our finial layer.
There it is and we'll select it then we're going to copy our finial.
Actually we just want to select the shape so we'll select it by clicking the layer and we can close
that back up and we'll come back into our skyline folder and add a or yes add a new layer and fill that
in with our Color Purple and we can grab that guy and drag them down.
We'll rotate them and resize them.
Awesome and
reposition them.
Then we're going to merge those two layers.
So now that's one layer then we're going to copy that and whoops one to copy that and paste it then
we're going to flip up
and we're going to warp this or distort the sky a little bit using the distort tool and that just allows
us to grab points and warp or not work but distort our image
.
So looking a little bit too distorted
that's Good then we're going to paste one more time and we're going to flip them
and this guy we're going to shrink down just a little bit
like so and we'll even rotate them
and we're going to use our brush tool to fill in this empty space.
And there you are.
We're just about done with our castle